+++
title = "Data Science Program"
date = 2018-11-16T00:00:00  # Schedule page publish date.
draft = false

# Talk start and end times.
#   End time can optionally be hidden by prefixing the line with `#`.
time_start = 2018-11-16
# time_end = 2030-06-01T15:00:00

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = ["Laura Acion"]

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "Talk in Spanish. In this talk I present a synthesis of the latest advances and objectives of the Data Science Program at Fundacion Sadosky. In 2018 we worked on the application of good practices in Data Science in Argentina and began to project ourselves to the rest of Latin America. In 2019 we will have a greater role in the generation of Data Science proof-of-concept products for the public sector. In addition to continuing to organize Data Science training events, we will continue to strengthen the Data Science community in the region, in particular, through [Meta:Data](https://metadata.fundacionsadosky.org.ar/), our new Data Science competition platform."

# Name of event and optional event URL.
event = "XIII Jornadas Universitarias de Sistemas de Informacion en Salud"
event_url = "https://www.hospitalitaliano.org.ar/#!/home/jornadasdis/inicio"

# Location of event.
location = "Buenos Aires, Argentina"

# Is this a selected talk? (true/false)
selected = false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this talk with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter your project's folder or file name without extension.
#   E.g. `projects = ["deep-learning"]` references 
#   `content/project/deep-learning/index.md`.
#   Otherwise, set `projects = []`.
projects = []

# Tags (optional).
#   Set `tags = []` for no tags, or use the form `tags = ["A Tag", "Another Tag"]` for one or more tags.
tags = []

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = ""
url_slides = "https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1OG88A16hEpGur2_CEtjcDDan3qlKtaa_HGFGfSL4RXg/edit?usp=sharing"
url_video = ""
url_code = ""

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = false

# Featured image
# To use, add an image named `featured.jpg/png` to your page's folder. 
[image]
  # Caption (optional)
  caption = "Image credit: [**Unsplash**](https://unsplash.com/photos/bzdhc5b3Bxs)"

  # Focal point (optional)
  # Options: Smart, Center, TopLeft, Top, TopRight, Left, Right, BottomLeft, Bottom, BottomRight
  focal_point = "Right"
+++
