+++
title = "Insights from the recent R community development and growth in Latin America"
date = 2019-07-06T00:00:00  # Schedule page publish date.
draft = false

# Talk start and end times.
#   End time can optionally be hidden by prefixing the line with `#`.
time_start = 2019-07-11T11:48:00
# time_end = 2030-06-01T15:00:00

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = ["Laura Acion"]

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "Talk in English. This talk summarizes some of the recent work that put Latin America (LatAm) in the international R user map. In January 2017, R-Ladies Buenos Aires (BA) was founded. R-Ladies BA encouraged the foundation of other R-Ladies groups in the region (e.g., Santa Rosa, Santiago). In two years, LatAm went from one to 29 R-Ladies active groups. English-only materials can be a barrier to R. Hence, LatAm R-Ladies led efforts to translate into Spanish: R for Data Science (es.r4ds.hadley.nz), R-Ladies code of conduct and policies (bit.ly/2UwP79x), and R Consortium 2017 (bit.ly/2Tpt8RR) and RStudio 2018 surveys. The creation of new regional conferences was another R-Ladies-led effort. Thanks to the R-Ladies network, LatinR (latin-r.com) got rapidly started and LatAm had its first SatRDay. Among other achievements, these events impulsed the regional community in the form of new and diverse R user groups (e.g., Rosario, Montevideo). In a nutshell, in the last two years, the LatAm R user community has seen fast growth and regrouping, mainly spearheaded by R-Ladies. This presentation details key aspects of this process and seeks to inspire other R regional communities worldwide."

# Name of event and optional event URL.
event = "useR! 2019"
event_url = "http://www.user2019.fr"

# Location of event.
location = "Toulouse, France"

# Is this a selected talk? (true/false)
selected = false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this talk with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter your project's folder or file name without extension.
#   E.g. `projects = ["deep-learning"]` references 
#   `content/project/deep-learning/index.md`.
#   Otherwise, set `projects = []`.
projects = []

# Tags (optional).
#   Set `tags = []` for no tags, or use the form `tags = ["A Tag", "Another Tag"]` for one or more tags.
tags = []

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = ""
url_slides = "https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1HQ956EYzF745LNq4ZiKIlXeH32PmTD7sNhURZxFzi-U/edit?usp=sharing"
url_video = ""
url_code = ""

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = false

# Featured image
# To use, add an image named `featured.jpg/png` to your page's folder. 
[image]
  # Caption (optional)
  caption = "Image credit: [**Unsplash**](https://unsplash.com/photos/bzdhc5b3Bxs)"

  # Focal point (optional)
  # Options: Smart, Center, TopLeft, Top, TopRight, Left, Right, BottomLeft, Bottom, BottomRight
  focal_point = "Right"
+++
